RUL-242: calculate round (#1476)
akeneo/pim-docs: manipulate_pim_data/rule/general_information_on_rule_format.rst

This action only accepts number, measurement or price collection attributes for both the source and the destination.

> The action is split into 3 required parts, and 1 optional:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action is split into 3 required steps, and 1 optional:
```

If a product value required in an operation is empty, or if a division by zero occurs, the product won't be updated.

> **round_precision** (optional): round the final result of the operation(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**round_precision** (optional): rounds the final result of the operation(s)
```

> If this parameter is not specified or if the value is null, no round will be done on the final result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this parameter is not specified or if the value is null, the final result will not be rounded.
```

                    - operator: divide
                      value: 3

>     The following action will calculate a price in euros, based on the price in dollars and a ratio, and round the result to remove decimal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The following action will calculate a price in euros, based on the price in dollars and a ratio, and round the result to the nearest integer value:
```
